# EVNTLY – Event Discovery App
Discover events around you through a map-based interface and as an organiser, add your own. The user can view nearby events filtered by categories. By clicking on an event, more details are presented. In addition, a calendar view also allows browsing upcoming events by date. The platform supports micro-payments for paid events, enabling users to purchase tickets directly within the app. Certified accounts can add their own occasions.

The app is written in **Kotlin language**, in **Android Studio** IDE. It is compiled and run by **Gradle**, with the UI being created by using the modern toolkit **Jetpack Compose**.

## Current Setup Instructions
- Clone the repository
- In local.properties file add line: MAPS_API_KEY=**key**

Right now, the API key could be generated by the user personally by following the instructions at https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/android-sdk/get-api-key or by requesting it from the project authors.

## Team Members
Juhan Puusepp (juhanpuusepp) - Project Manager / Developer

Karl Laine (LaineKarl) - Lead Developer

Gerda Jäe (gerdajj) - Researcher / Developer

Beatrice Hellrand (hellrand) - Editor / Developer

Evert Saarnak (s-evert) - Presenter / Developer

## Planned Features
Data & Persistence - storage of events and their data, user profiles etc with Firebase

UI & Navigation - a map interface, muti-touch actions, animations

API Integration - location-based services to pinpoint the users location and to generate a map, API to autocomplete addresses

Distribution & Monetization - micro-payments to buy tickets for events or upgrade your account

User Login and Profiling - user profiles with Firebase Authentication

## Current Tools, frameworks, libraries, APIs
Room, Retrofit + Moshi, Google Maps API, Nominatim API

Lightmode map style: The X-Spot location map by Ruben (https://snazzymaps.com/style/287702/the-x-spot-location-map)

Darkmode map style: Dark by Roy (https://snazzymaps.com/style/71079/dark)

## Planned Tools, frameworks, libraries, APIs
Dagger, Firebase
